# 19-21 Sep

## Issues we solved and what we learned: 

According to test on current test environment built by XiaoBo, we solved some known issues by getting support by Tencent side. 

1.We confirmed conditions and steps we need that preparing for install proxy. Noted in our document. 

2.Manage blueking services on central controller machine. "cd /data/install && ./bkeec start \| stop \| status \| XXX" "cd /data/bkee/gse/server/bin && ./gsectl restart task" 

3.We deploy blueking community version testing environment on tencent cloud. To know basic procedure to deploy. 

4.Issue "SSL error: SSL configuration file \[/data/bkee/cert/job\_esb\_api\_client.crt, /data/bkee/cert/job\_esb\_api\_client.key\] does not exist or is illegal": is caused by certs on esb servers is not updated to newest one. We synchronized "gse\_job\_api\_client.truststore", "job\_server.keystore","job\_server.truststore" on job servers and open\_paas servers. And need restart service after update certs. Path for cert files: /data/bkee/cert 

5.Issue "Account 【Admin】 have no rights to operate": need add "admin" to business-operation member.

## Issues we found: 

1.Docoment by Tencent mentioned that from proxy\(gse\_agent\) to gse\_task need open port 48533, but in LIVE environment, we found that port is 48668. The document is not consistent with the actual content. 

2.When install agent on server, password is stored in setup script in plain text. We should check with Tencent if they indeed fixed this bug. 

3.Agent can not be deplyed on Windows environment neither with nor without cygwin. 

4.

## Question:

## Plan:

